Added soft delete section to Persistence FAQ (#106139)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-how-to-premium-persistence.md

No, you can't use Append-only File (AOF) persistence with multiple replicas (more than one replica).

### How do I check if soft delete is enabled on my storage account?

> Go to your storage account that your cache is using for persistence. Under the "Data Management" tab, go to "Data Protection" and check to see if "Enable soft delete for blobs" is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the storage account that your cache is using for persistence. Select **Data Protection** from the Resource menu. In the working pane, check the state of *Enable soft delete for blobs*.
```
